Add documentation on resource type names (#2561)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/intro/concepts/resources/names.md

The `<module>` component of the type (e.g. `s3/bucket`, `compute`, `apps/v1`, `index`) is the module path where the resource lives within the package.  It is `/` delimited by component of the path.  Per-language Pulumi SDKs use the module path to emit nested namespaces/modules in a language-specific way to organize all the types defined in a package.  For eaxmple, the `Deployment` resource above is available at `kubernetes.apps.v1.Deployment` in TypeScript and in the `github.com/pulumi/pulumi-kubernetes/sdk/v3/go/kubernetes/apps/v1` module in Go.  For historical reasons only, some packages include the type name itself as a final component of the module (e.g. `s3/bucket` for the type name `Bucket`) - in this case, this component is not included in the SDK namespace.  The name `index` indicates that the resource is not nested, and is instead available at the top level of the package.  For example, the `RandomPassword` resource above is available at `random.RandomPassword` in TypeScript.

> The `<name>` component of the type (e.g. `Bucket`, `VirtualMachine`, `Deployment`, `RandomPassword`) is the identifier used to refer to the resource itself.  It is mapped to the class or constructor name in the per-language Pulumi SDK.

Reviewer: `s/<name>/<type>` to be consistent with the first sentence under the heading.

> The `<name>` component of the type (e.g. `Bucket`, `VirtualMachine`, `Deployment`, `RandomPassword`) is the identifier used to refer to the resource itself.  It is mapped to the class or constructor name in the per-language Pulumi SDK.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `<type>` component of the resource (e.g. `Bucket`, `VirtualMachine`, `Deployment`, `RandomPassword`) is the identifier used to refer to the resource itself.  It is mapped to the class or constructor name in the per-language Pulumi SDK.
```

The `<typename>` component of the type (e.g. `Bucket`, `VirtualMachine`, `Deployment`, `RandomPassword`) is the identifier used to refer to the resource itself.  It is mapped to the class or constructor name in the per-language Pulumi SDK.

Note that because of some of the historical details of how `<module>` is defined, a "simplified" resource type name is accepted or presented in certain places, and mapped into the "full" resource type name specified above.  The simplified resource type name applies the following rules:

1. If the type token is two components instead of three, that is `<package>:<typename>`, it is interpreted as if it was `<package>:index:<typename>`.

> 2. The repetition of the type name as part of the module name is not required, and will be inferred if necessary - that is `aws:s3:Bucket` will be interpreted as referring to `aws:s3/bucket:Bucket`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. The repetition of the `<typename>` as part of the module definition is not required, and will be inferred if necessary - that is `aws:s3:Bucket` will be interpreted as referring to `aws:s3/bucket:Bucket`.
```
